# An-Optimal-Feature-Driven-DSS-for-PD-Detection-based-on-Hand-Written-Drawings
Parkinson's disease (PD) diagnosis is considered a challenging task owing to the fact that no gold standard medical test is present for its detection. To tackle this challenge, numerous researchers have proposed automated methods based on data mining, computer vision and machine learning. But, these methods have two main problems i.e., biasedness and lack of generalization in independent testing. The biasedness problem is due to two factors. The first factor is subject overlap between training and testing datasets caused by conventional validation methods. The second factor is imbalanced classes. In this paper, to avoid biasedness in the constructed models we utilize a balanced hand written images database. And to avoid biasedness due to subject overlap, we propose to use a more robust cross validation scheme i.e., Leave One Subject Drawings Out (LOSDO). In order to develop a decision support system (DSS) that will have the capability to generalize to unseen data, we develop numerous feature driven DSSs. We explore the integration of F-score based feature selection model with numerous machine learning models. Experimental results show that integration of F-score based model with Gaussian Naive Bayes (GNB) model yields an optimal DSS for PD detection based on hand written drawings. The optimal DSS yields PD detection accuracy of 71.21% on main dataset and 63.04% on another dataset during independent testing.
The hand written drawings databases used in this study can be obtained from http://wwwp.fc.unesp.br/~papa/pub/datasets/Handpd/
